savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,Having a droopy day a little bit.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,Not complaining, mind you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,I have nothing to complain about, thank God.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,I’m just sleepy and can’t go to sleep because I need to go meet my grandsons’ bus shortly.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,Which I love to do.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,Maybe I just need some chocolate !
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,(smile) Hope your day is going well, too.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight14,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight42,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight42,Wow, it is snowing here and it is SO pretty.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight42,It reminds me of the verse that says though our sins be as scarlet, they shall be whiter than snow.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight42,A comforting thought.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight42,Part of the beautiful truth!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight42,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,Thank You, God for Sundays.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,A little bit of rest in the rush of the week.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,Church is good and we look forward to going.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,You are so good, God.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,If I tried to list all your blessings, my computer would explode!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,I love You, Jesus.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,Not ashamed to publish it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight32,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight41,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight41,“Sunday morning very early, while my dad was sleeping, we would walk down to Your house without speaking.”
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight41,Anybody remember this song from Peter, Paul and Mary?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight41,“All that I could say was, I believe in You.”     *****
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight41,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight16,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight16,I wrote about my grandson leaving his jacket on the school bus.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight16,He is autistic and he had a meltdown about it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight16,But today he got the jacket back, so I am praising the good Lord, because that Spiderman jacket is really important to my grandson.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight16,God is so good.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight16,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,The trip to the mortuary was okay.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,Nobody cried or teared up.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,My mom is still so basically healthy that we could feel we won’t need a casket for years.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,My sister actually told her “You’re going to live to be 100.”  Afterwards we went to Wendy’s for lunch.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,Thank you to anyone who prayed.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,It made it so easy.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight19,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,I love this time of day.....twilight.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,Soon I can go to bed and rest.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,It’s been a wonderful day, but I am tired.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,Ready for that soft pillow and warm blanket I have been so blessed with.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,Yes, I do think of the homeless ones sometimes when I go to bed so safe and secure.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,I pray for them.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,When I had trouble with anorexia some years back, I didn’t dare think of the starving children in third world countries.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,I would lose any scrap of appetite I had.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,So I learned to help in whatever way I can, and then just be grateful.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,I am so thankful for what I have—-a small home, a wonderful husband, a love of music, art and writing, a relationship with Jesus.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,Life really is good.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,If you let it be.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight36,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,This is my first book, written for a young adult audience.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,It is about family and forgiveness.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,It is very dramatic in places, and funny in other places.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,If you would like a copy, write me at lynn.n.roberson@gmail.com.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,The book is 12.00 plus s&h.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,Thank you!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight47,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,I worry that some of you still have not really met Jesus one-to-one—-you and Jesus alone.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,We may spend time in chapel—but have you seen with the eyes of your soul how he looks at you with love?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,Do you really know the living Jesus—not from the books but from being with him in your heart?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,Have you heard the loving words he speaks to you?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,Ask for the grace; he is longing to give it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight2,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight13,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight13,It really is possible to find peace after a devastated childhood.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight13,God is my real Father, my good Father.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight13,And He is always “there” for me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight13,He is the Healer.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight13,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,I found  a tiny vase of daffodils—four
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,Just inside my kitchen door.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,My mother put them there, I knew.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,My mother, an angel of ninety-two.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,One day the blossoms began to wilt,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,They began to look like yellow silk.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,And finally they turned paper-thin;
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,Just like my  mother’s aging skin.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,Thank you, mother, for still being here.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,And bringing little gifts of cheer.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight25,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,That’s a Bible verse.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,I helped out a bit when he needed money, and came by asking for work.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,I over paid him, because his need seemed so great.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,Since then he has come asking for more money.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,I’m afraid I’m an easy touch, and don’t make wise decision.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,We’re on limited income ourselves.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,God, help me know the right things to do.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight35,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight30,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight30,We need to know and remember that each person has a special light shining from their heart out into the world.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight30,When you love someone, this light gets very bright.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight30,It can be your parents, your boyfriend or girlfriend, your mate, your baby.....there are people everywhere who need the light only you can give.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight30,Shine on!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight30,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,Well....after all that about loving bedtime, I cannot sleep.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,I went to bed but I am wide awake, so I got up to journal some more.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,Someone out there needs an encouraging journal entry.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,Romans 8:38  “For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor height nor depth nor anything else in all creation will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.”  Put simply, Nothing can separate us from God’s love.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,Nothing.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,This is Jesus’s gift to us.  
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight29,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,On Sundays, whenever possible, my mom (age 92) and I go visit local nursing homes and I play hymns for them to sing.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,I play “Old time favorites” like Love Lifted me, I’ll fly Away, I’ve got a Mansion, —-things you’ve probably never heard of.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,Old hymns.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,They like those best.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,Today someone made announcement that Hazel died yesterday, a large black woman who loved to sing with us.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,She had been too sick to join us for a long while.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,But her favorite hymn was Jesus Loves Me, so we sang that in her honor.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,That was my Sunday.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,Besides that Matthew (age 14) lay in the floor at church using my jacket for a pillow and slept for about 45 minutes in church today.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,(smile)  Life is good.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight4,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,My hubby has a doctor appointment at 8:00 a.m. Thursday and my mom has a doctor appointment elsewhere at 8:30.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,Same day.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,I need to be with both of them.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,It is so frustrating!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight8,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,If any of you are feeling down, please try to get a copy of my book The Beautiful Truth by Lynn Roberson.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,It’s available at Amazon.com and Kindle, also Barnes and Noble.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,I promise it will lift you up.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,It’s a pleasant read.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,Enjoy!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,and God bless you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight33,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,Started with our long ago Chiropractor—-a very excellent lady.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,Hoping she will help us stay steady on our feet a couple more decades.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,We went to her regularly  years ago, but just starting back again.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,I need a nap.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,[yawn]
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight27,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight28,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight28,It’s morning and that faithful little bird outside my window is chirping away.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight28,It is worth waking up to hear him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight28,I wonder what Heaven is like?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight28,I’m sure there will be birds singing.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight28,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,I just realized this coming Sunday is Palm Sunday!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,I have been racing around so much, it “snuck” up on me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,I’ll have to plan something pretty out of my closet for Easter Sunday.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,I don’t buy new clothes for Easter.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,I love Easter it is my favorite Christian Celebration Day!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight3,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,I am excited to share my books with you, especially The Beautiful Truth.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,God gave me the material to write about.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,It’s all true.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,The title comes from a darling black lady in a nursing home I used to visit who would comment on God’s goodness and His love, and conclude “Honey, it’s the beautiful truth!”  And it is!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,She built my faith very much, and I want to share the happiness and rest that can be found when we really believe in Jesus’ LOVE for us.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,Not just His love for everybody, but His unique love for YOU.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,The book tells you how to discover this and other encouraging notes.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,It’s available at Amazon.com, Barnes and Noble, and Westbow Press, IN (a division of Thomas Nelson.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,)  I hope you will get a copy and read it!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,It is full of joy and a few miracles (smile).
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,Don’t miss it!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,Ask for The Beautiful Truth by Lynn Roberson.  
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight46,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,One chapter in my book talks about hearts-ease.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,The word comes from a tiny flower which looks like  a miniature pansy; nowadays it is called viola.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,But I love the old-fashioned name because it signifies so much.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,I talk in the book about how we all need hearts-ease, rest for our souls, and peace.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,And how we can learn to find it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,I hope you will buy it on Amazon or Barnes & Noble—-I know you will enjoy it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,Meanwhile, I wish you all hearts-ease, from my heart.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight17,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,Today I go with my mom to look at caskets.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,This was her idea.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,She’s 92 and has some health issues, and she wants to get everything “ready” so it won’t be a burden on my sister and me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,Bless her heart.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,She is always thinking of others, not herself.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,There was a time we had trouble getting along (happens in almost every family, doesn’t it?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,)  But for years now I have seen what a stellar person she is and a doting mother and grandmother.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,I am SO thankful to God that He melted any foolish resentment that used to be in my young heart.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,I love my mom SO much now, for years.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,I can’t imagine life without her.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,She keeps trying to prepare me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,She’ll say “I can’t last forever.”  I tell her, “Try, please.” So she tries by exercising and eating broccoli and other good food and taking vitamins and her medicines.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,She is truly wonderful.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,I hope I don’t make a fool of myself and cry at the mortuary.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,I want to help her pick out the casket because she wants just the cheapest thing they have and my sister and I want something pretty and soft and white.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,Think about me around 10:30 if you read this.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,A prayer would be so appreciated.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight26,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,Dear Father, hear and bless
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,the beasts and singing birds,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,and guard with tenderness
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,small things that have no words.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,author unknown
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight1,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,I am dressed and ready for church!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,Our church allows blue jeans, thankfully.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,Just didn’t want to drag out a skirt and sweater today.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,Our grandson, who has autism, will go with us.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,He says “Going to the church, going to the church!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,I’m so happy!”  God bless him extra much!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight21,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,Happy Valentine’s Day, Everyone!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,I wish you love.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,And most of all the love of God which will never let you down or fail you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,Whoever you are reading this—you are special to God.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,So you can rejoice this Valentine’s day even if there was no candy or flowers in your day.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,You are blessed and highly favored by God, who knows your heart.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight38,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44,This is my book!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44,It’s all about finding rest through the beautiful truth of Jesus Christ’s love just for you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44,If you would like to order a copy, you can go to Amazon.com and search for The Beautiful Truth by Lynn Roberson.  
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight44,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,God 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,it’s true;
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,I love You.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,But does it show?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,God, does your light shine through?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,Do any but my closest friends know?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,Daily I promise You my heart, then go
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,scattering my hours in idleness, dear God.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,I dream of Heaven, but seek things below;
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,earthly treasures that shine and glow.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,I need to be with You
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,so that you’ll know
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,I love you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,I do,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,God.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,******
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,The diatelle is a strict poem style based on both syllables and rhyme but not meter.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,I tried to type out the form but hit a wrong key and erased it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,Blah.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,When typed centered on a page it forms a diamond shape.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,Fun. 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight22,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,I am writing this blog to encourage others who are down and suffering.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,Dare to hope.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,I’ve been where you are.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,The black hole.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,It doesn’t have to last a lifetime.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,There is healing to be had.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,Seek Jesus, the great Healer.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,If anyone would like prayer, I will be glad to add you to my list of prayers for bloggers.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,May God give you peace.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight6,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,A friend just told me she is going to start journaling to Jesus.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,I am so delighted because I have experienced such a closeness to Him from doing just that.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,I have literally a foot-locker full of journals that are prayers and conversations with my Lord.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,It brought me so near to Him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,I hope others will try this too.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,God bless you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight24,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,The path seems barren,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,dreams but dust.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,Yet watch and trust;
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,He walks with you
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,and ever will.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,Heart, be still.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,*******
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,Okay, confession:  that is only half the poem.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,I got tired of having to readjust the font to 18 for every single line.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,Hope somebody enjoys reading this anyhow.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,It’s part of The Beautiful Truth.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,Blessings to all!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight45,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,My mother gave me a birthstone ring for my birthday in January.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,I wear it all the time.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,A garnet.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,She didn’t buy it online or at Walmart, she went to the Mall to a jewelry store.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,When I was growing up, my dad was absentee and sent no child support.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,My grandmother raised me because Mom had to work 6 days a week and we went to church on Sundays and then she slept most of the afternoon.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,But I know she loves me—-if not then, then now.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,The ring represents her love.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,I will always cherish it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight10,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,Hi again!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,What a busy day today!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,How was your day?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,I hope all is well.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,God bless you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight40,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,“Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father which is in Heaven.”—Jesus
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,We all have light within us.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,You can share your light by just giving someone a smile.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,Being happy, being creative and being kind all make your light brighter.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,Have a sunshiny day, friends!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight37,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,I read a lot of blogs about a guy or gal breaking someone’s heart.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,A family member can break your heart, too, not even meaning to.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,That’s what Yesterday was all about.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,He wouldn’t hurt me for the world.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,But when he’s hurting, I hurt.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,Comments?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight12,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,Hi!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,My name is Lynn and I am here for you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,The love of my life is Jesus Christ.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,He is the Love of your life, too.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,If you would like to submit a prayer request or just tell me how your day is going, I’d love to hear from you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,Blessings!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight43,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,I am so delighted!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,I just found out a friend of mine bought six  copies of my book THE BEAUTIFUL TRUTH by Lynn Roberson at Amazon.com to give to friends!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,Wow!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,I am so happy!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,The message of the book is healing because it is about finding peace through the unconditional love of Jesus Christ.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,It is not preachy at all.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,It’s little stories and anecdotes about how God has intervened in my life to bring me back to Him when I was trying to wander.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,It’s funny and heartwarming.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,I hope a lot of people will buy it and read it.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,Read it is the important part—borrow a copy if you can.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18, 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight18,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,I am blessed with a loving, close family.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,My daughter teaches special needs Middle school and has her Master’s degree and is raising her two special needs boys.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,I think the boys have brought us all closer together.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,It is true that they are a gift from God.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,My mother is 92 and still capable in every way.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,We have dinner at her home every Friday.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,We work hard to keep the family close.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,My sister is a music teacher with a master’s in piano performance.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,Wow—-you should hear her play the piano!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,I am so proud of her.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,I play the piano some; my hands are smaller and octaves put a strain on those little muscles in the fingers.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,But I enjoy playing.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,My brother-in-law is a wonderful person, a retired minister.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,My husband is the dearest man in all the world.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,And we have a golden retriever who is a sweetheart.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,All sound too good to be true?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,Well, I’m just telling you the highlights.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,We have cloudy days, too, sometimes.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,More in the past.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,I want to help you think about the highlights in your life, too! 
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight34,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight11,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight11,I don’t think I have much to say except the title.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight11,(smile) I hope all my friends who blog here are doing well and keeping your chin up.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight11,Hugs to all.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight11,– Grace
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight11,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,My grandson cursed at me and told me to leave him alone.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,Then I came home and gave my husband the cold shoulder for something he said two days ago that I thought I had forgiven.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,Notice the common denominator?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,ME.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,It reminds me of the old camp song: Not my brother, not my sister, but it’s me, Oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer;  not my preacher, not my teacher, but it’s ME, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,Father in Heaven, help me to truly forgive, not just halfway.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,Help me not crowd my grandkids.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,“Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me.”  Psalm 51 I think.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight15,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,We were supposed to get snow, but didn’t.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Some people are glad and others are disappointed.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Especially school children, of course.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,I think I’m glad.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,I need to get some groceries in today.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Yesterday was a wonderful day for me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,I heard a sermon on TV that made me know we are each chosen by God and blessed and highly favored.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,As I listened to the preacher, I could feel his words as truth inside me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Of course he talked a half hour and I tried to sum it up in a sentence, but what I want you to remember is the beautiful truth that Jesus loves you and is with you in whatever trials you may be going through.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,He will bring you through to a better place.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Talk to Him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Journal to Him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Believe in Him and feel the glimmer of joy in a new relationship which will bring you only good.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,He is the Friend your heart craves.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,If you already know Him and belong to Him, know that He loves you tenderly and watchfully, and you can cast all your cares on Him because He cares for you.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,Happy day to all!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight31,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,Yesterday (March 13) was my dad’s birthday.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,He died several years ago.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,I didn’t feel sad on his birthday.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,I don’t miss him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,Our relationship was kind of aborted in my early childhood.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,I missed him THEN.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,But when I met him as an adult it was complicated and uneasy.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,It has all been healed by Jesus Christ’s mercy, and instead of grief or resentment or anything else there is only peace in that part of my life now.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,Beautiful peace.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,Thank you, Lord.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight9,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,I hope things go better with my grandson today.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,He is almost 15 and that is a difficult age to be.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,I know he takes things hard sometimes.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,He is also autistic and maybe bi-polar.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,I love him so much.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,I take care of him in the afternoons when he gets off the bus until his mom gets home.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,Only God can imagine how much I love this child.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight5,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,I’m on my way to meet my grandsons’ bus.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,Two buses.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,I love this time of the afternoon when I have time with them.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,We have a snack, a Bible study and then watch a movie.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,He loves movies.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,He is such a precious young man.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,Fourteen.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,He wouldn’t have to have someone meet his bus, but he loves having someone home when he gets there after a long, long day at school.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,And it is my pleasure, indeed!
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight20,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,Yesterday my autistic grandson left his favorite jacket on the bus, and he had a meltdown.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,God bless him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,I thought he was going to run all the way down the road after the school bus.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,It scared me to death.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,But he only ran up the driveway and then stopped at the corner.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,He was distraught.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,I know how much he loves that Spiderman jacket.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,I had to call his mom to talk him down.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,Then he was calm again, took some deep breaths and suddenly lay down and went to sleep.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,My heart is heavy today.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,I don’t want it to be but it is.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,When he is so frantic  and desperate, it just breaks something inside me.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,I wish everything could be always right for him.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,He’s a very loving boy.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,God help him, please.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight7,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,I am still in a mood to talk about Light.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,Maybe because it is early morning.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,The birds get so happy when the first light breaks, still grey in the sky.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,They sing their hearts out.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,I am a sleepy-head but I love to hear them.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,Doesn’t make me want to jump out of bed, though.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,I like to pray in the morning.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,And last thing at night.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,I wrote a song about it:
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,I will meet You in the morning
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,at the first light of the day.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,We will walk together in Your garden,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,Lord, I come to pray.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,I will meet You
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,In the evening,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,at the soft close of the day.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,We will walk together in Your garden,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,Lord, I come to pray.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight23,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,It is so cold today.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,We have had to stay inside mostly just to keep warm.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,But it’s been quiet and nice.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,I am going to bed early (“early” even for me!)
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,I hope the phone doesn’t jar me awake like this morning.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,Ah, well.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,I am thinking of posting some of my poems.
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,I wonder if anyone would read them, hm?
savedbygrace.csv,goodnight39,
