
I have a filthy potty mouth that makes truck drives blush.
I think there’s something striking about a teeny lil’ thing like me when I open up my wee lil’ mouth and the cuss words just pour out like steam.
I like to be shocking.
I won the battle of swears when I was 12.
My parents separated and my dad moved out.
My mom, over powered by her 3 teenage kids just couldn’t seem to stop us from swearing.
My parents never swear.
I’ve heard my mom cuss once, exactly once.
Dinner would go “Hey bro, pass the fucking salt”.
His reply “Here you go you little cunt.” To which my mom would say “You guys are awful.” We’d just laugh and laugh.
Swears lose their meaning when they become adjectives and verbs.
After a certain point of hear “you’re so cute... until you open your mouth” you learn you are growing up.
Maybe it’s time to talk like one.
There’s this list of truly forbidden swears I just can’t bear to utter.
The #1.
No no word, the “N” word.
So derogatory I just can’t say it.
Not ever.
#2.
GD and #3.
JC.
It’s a respect thing.
#4.
Retard.
I hate this word with a passion.
Don’t mock the mentally challenged.
Not cool.
#5.
Fag.
Don’t mock gays.
Not cool.
Up North, nobody says the “n” word.
Nobody.
That word has fallen off the face of the planet.
Doesn’t matter if you’re white or black.
No one uses it.
Down here I hear black people say it all the time.
I know I probably have no right to say or think this, but it bugs me, people constantly saying the “n” word.
They think it’s funny.
I personally feel it’s disrespectful.
For all those people who fight racism and discrimination, hearing this word all day at work it’s a slap in the face.
That’s right.
I’m half white, half Hispanic and the “n” word really bothers me.
I stopped swearing so much when I had my kids.
Didn’t need for them to go off into the world with trash talk and toilet mouths.
Monkey see, monkey do.
So wouldn’t constant use of the “n” word keep it in circulation even with non blacks who have “no right” to say it?
I know it’s weird but it bugs me

