
I am an empty cup and music is my drink.
I always have a tune stuck in my head.
Music is something that I am very passionate about.
I can find a song for every occasion.
So many memories of different chapters of my life play through my mind when I hear a specific song.
“Don’t want to miss a thing” by Aerosmith reminds me of my first true love.
“Glycerine” by Bush reminds me of my first serious boyfriend
“I saw the sign” by Ace of Base.
It’s the first CD I ever owned (You can stop laughing now.
We all make poor choices).
“Yesterday” by the Beatles calls to mind a time when I was brave.
I had to sing it by myself in front of the entire chorus to audition to sing it for a concert.
Yes, I was terrible.
No, I didn’t get the part.
I was the only person who volunteered to do it though.
No one raised a hand until after I sang my little heart out and revealed just how tone deaf I am.
After I finished, everyone else’s hands shot up.
“If Inanna can stand up there alone and sing like a dieing crow, so can I!”
“Under the bridge” by The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I said my first “I love you” to The Man while we were listening to this song.
I snuck it with the lyrics.
He had already told me “I love you” the day before, but I held out until I was positive.
“Run Around” by Blue’s Travelers was playing on the radio when I went bungee jumping.
“I’m yours” by Jason Miraz was the song played at my best friend’s funeral
“Like a Prayer” by Madonna.
It’s the anthem of my childhood.
I’ll always remind warm summer nights, running around in my back yard, and the sweet smell of fresh cut grass.
“Hey You” by Pink Floyd.
My all time favorite song.
“Never Dreamed” by Black Label Society brings back the pain of when The Man and I broke up.
I’d listen to it over and over desperately hoping that it reflected his inner feelings.
“The Rain in Africa” by Toto.
Best inside joke EVER.
I could add a hundred more songs to the list, more of my favorites, ones I can’t stand.
There is a song for every occasion in my life.
I think this sums up most of the significant ones. 

