
     Dear Jebus why do I love this ?
He is hurting me so bad.
I get away for small amounts of time by writing and playing my piano and bass but the issue is always still there.
He is hurting me.
Sure we have our good times which is I guess why I stay but deep down I know this cant be worth it.
He is crazy too crazy even for me.
Why is the though of me being with out him so hard to take?
Every time I say will be the last time but I always go back.
I hate having to come up with a new lie every time it happens.
“I slipped in the shower and broke my arm.”, “I ran into a door and broke my nose.”, “I tripped down my stairs and got a concussion and two black eyes.” these are just some of the things I said knowing fully they are all lies.
Its not just the bruises and broken bones though its even more then that.
Its being called retarded and a cunt it being yelled at in the car for taking a different way then he wanted to take.
Its being invited over to his place only to have him treat me like crap till I start to cry and then him tell me to get out and go home that he doesn’t want me there.
Its so hard to believe how he can do these things to me and yet other days be the best man I have ever had slow dancing with me and taking off my jacket when we go to dinner.
We have pretty much every thing in common even the really odd things I thought I  would never find in anyone but me.
anti religious anti military hates cops and loves are and music in odd forms most unheard of.
He even asked me to merry him I said yes.
Now that all seems not to matter so much because the bad is out weighing the good ten fold.
I feel so ugly and so worthless around him all the time now.
I have to stop this some how I have to get away.
I am a smart woman I know it is better to be alone then be abused but why do I feel so inlove to him I just cant go.
I always do anything for him he asks me to do no questions.
I follow him anywhere and am always cleaning up his shit.
I thought if I could be good enough to him he would see that and start being good t me like he used to be but I realize now it is him not me.
There is nothing I could do or say to change things now it will only get worse.
He will not listen or care about what I have to say.
He will not wake up and think oh shit she is gone I need to change... been there done that.
He will treat me the way he wants and  I cant change that.
This feeling is so shitty and I want it to go away.
I need t be my strong self I was before I met him not this empty shell of a person I have become.
I know that I should be with someone who makes me feel beautiful and wanted who does not his me or call me names or kicks me out when he is drunk.
So why is it so hard then!?
It has gotten to the point where no one even believes the lies and I have lost all my friends and even my own mother called bs on me the last time I told “I fell down” it broke my heart hearing her say “I already buried one baby and cant bare to burry another”.
So now I just lie and say to her that we broke up and don’t visit her if I have an injury I cant cover with clothes or make up.
I feel like my heart has been ripped out and burned at the stake.
I am such a smart girl I really am so why am I doing this to my self?
Its so stupid how I agree with him every time he hurts me that its my fault.
I know damn well him catching me smoking a cigarette is no reason to get hit or me telling him my period is late is no reason to get hit by his car but I do agree I say its my fault and tell him I am sorry I caused him to hurt me so we can just get over it and he can be happy and pleased and we can move on.
The first time it happened he gave me two black eves and a bloody lip he felt so bad the next day he even cried and I though he would never do it again but I was wrong and what is even worse he as never told me he was sorry or showed me any remorse again.
I feel like I am nothing but trash to him so I try even harder to treat him like a king.
I am to good for him anyone could see that.
I just have to mentally find a way out of this.

