
    Asperger’s syndrome, it sucks..... well sorta sucks.
I am 25 but in some ways I am still very child like.
Understanding what is socially acceptable and not is very hard for me.
I usually don’t notice when I am being lied to.
I take what people say very literally there for sarcasm is not good to use with me.
I do not pick on social Qs at all.
I have a hard time understanding others feelings and can not read facial expressions to save my life.
I have a hard time understanding others intentions.
I don’t always know when its my turn to start or stop talking.
I seem rude at times and do not mean to be.
I cant have multiple friends at a time.
Nope I will only have one friend and push off all of my social needs on them.
My executive function is dysfunctional so I have to have help with somethings other adults would not, like keeping my house clean and paying bills on time things like that.
I do not touch the color purple and if I have to I have to then wipe or wash my hands.
I don’t tend to like people my own age because they bore me.
I stutter some days worse then others.
I don’t like being touched by anyone at all unless you are some very very special to me.
I have to work from home because I suck so bad socially.
I was selectively mute till the fourth grade.
those are some of the crappy things...
BUT....
Asperger’s can be really cool too!!!!
I have an IQ of 160.
I own my own business.
I am more creative than the average person.
Stick me in a room with a bunch of professors and I’m golden!
I can remember license plates by heart in seconds.
I have learned to read body language very well.
I know every plate number not only to every car I have ever owned but all my family’s and peoples that I know.
This came in handy when my car was once stolen.
I can remember almost any stories and things that I read always on point even ones as I read as a child I could recite now by heart.
I play piano, guitar and bass by ear.
I am eccentric and don’t ever have to worry about what others think simply because I don’t care.
I am extremely loyal and honest.
lying and being not being faithful is something my mind just does not process very well.
I feel so proud of my self at times.
Me the little blond mute girl that all through growing up people treated so fragile, Me that girl that her family planned on me never moving away from home having a family of my own and an education.
Well I am that girl and guess what?
I am a grown 25 year old educated woman with two beautiful intelligent children my own business, living on my own with my own little family.
I have a car and pay my own bills.
But not only did I prove everyone wrong I have went beyond that.
I am more put together than most mothers my age at all.
I do need help with somethings still and I do get it when it is needed but the way I see it is everything needs help with something and hey I drive my own car and provide for my own family and beyond.
I am succeeding and I will keep moving forward.

