
      I had had plans tonight, nothing too special just a 5$ concert that I can honestly go either way on but the point is I had plans.
It was at 7pm.
So at 4pm I had on my dress and my makeup on all perfect and was ready to go at 6:15.
I always get ready and leave early because of my abnormal fear of being late.
Then close to 5pm I was notified that plans have changed.
Not only did plans change with us not going but plans also changed with my boyfriend being able to come over tonight turns out he has to make a deadline for work and is going to stay at his place tonight instead of mine because he has to use his computer to do the project.
UGH!!!
What a nightmare!!!!!
Its not that I am mad at him or feel like I need to see him that bad or that I really wanted to go to the concert its just that the plans changed.
When plans change or things don’t go as expected I can have a very hard time dealing with it.
Being an ASPI switching focus can be challenging.
Yes I am a grown woman and I will and do get over it but its still hard.
I try not to act out or have a melt down which usually consist of crying or trying to figure out how to make something still work that wont work things like that lol nothing dangerous but still crappy.
Still though I feel panic.
Being an adult with adult responsibilities I have to manage the panic very carefully.
I will do deep breathing and try to find something else to focus on but truth is I still feel the great upset and the only thing that I can do is just suck it up deal with being upset and get over it which could take minutes or hours or maybe till the next day.
I am feeling it now but I am okay it just really sucks.
So I told him “good night” which is my code for I’m not mad at you but I may get upset with you even though its not your fault so I am giving my self time to get over it and feel better.
then he said, “ill see you in the morning” I then asked what time and I got 8am out of him.
I cant stand when I don’t know an exact time frame it drives me bonkers!
I hate not knowing things!!!!!!
I deal with it when I have to but I try to always know what plans are what times and things like that.
If I say go to a party then in my head I will also plan what time I think I will leave when it gets close to that time I start to get antsy.
Say if I am at the party with him and its close to time to go but he is not getting ready to go yet and I ask him how much longer and he says “i don’t know” this makes me feel very uneasy.
“to me I don’t know” means could be in one minute or it could be forever.
I need at to know at lest a ball park range to feel okay.
for example it is easier for me to deal with between 8pm and 10pm.
 

