
It’s getting late (for me anyways).
For once I’m sort of stumped on what to write.
Usually I can always think of some thing.
I feel an idea for a topic beginning to shake up in my mind.
I’m dyslexic.
If you’ve read my journal before you might have noticed a few grammatical errors.
Yeah, I’m the chick who can’t always type a coherent sentence, but in my head I do!
I also have a strong bad habit of leaving words out or substituting the wrong word for a word I had really meant to say.
If I focus really hard I can correct myself, but more often than not my brain just sees what it wants to see and I won’t notice my grammar breech at all.
I have a high iq despite my set back.
My level of “disability” is mainly effected when it comes to output I give (writing and speech) and not at all with input.
I can speed read.
I’ll read from the top of a page to the bottom with a quick diagonal nod of my head.
It’s extremely important to me to stay as sharp as possible.
I love to write.
I have notebooks upon notebooks with free flow poems and short stories I’ve never successfully managed to finish.
Reading is a way of life for me.
Reading inspires me.
Library trips in my household occur weekly.
We don’t have cable.
I’m proud to say that all 3 of my babies are book worms, especially Bobo.
The Man is the most avid, dedicated reader.
He’s always in the middle of a book.
I mix up numbers.
It’s easier for me to read a group of numbers and recite them than it does for me to repeat back a random grouping in sequential order.
I need a surgeons level of care and attention when I’m making a financial transaction.
In my head I know it, but something goes haywire when I need it to apply.
Don’t ask me for directions.
I have trouble with the concept of left and right.
It disorients me for some reason I can’t fathom.
The big irony is that I understand north, west, east and south perfectly.
I am no stranger to a map.
I never get lost, ever, even when I try to.
I have a very accurate internal compass.
In my head east, south, north, and west are 2 D while left and right are 3 D and make my head spin.
I want to write more about this, but I’m getting pretty sleepy... good night

