
     I can feel it now.
I am nothing but a shell of who I once was.
I cant keep him any longer.
not like this.
He is hurting, more then hurting me.
He is ripping me apart.
I cant live like this any longer.
Every think he says to me rips me apart.
I am walking on egg shells.
I love him for who he once was but this has gotten to the point I am afraid of him.
There is no being told that I am beautiful.
There is no being told thanks I did a good job or that I am loved or respected.
There are no more sweet nothings or holding hands.
All there is is abuse.
I am slipping away now.
last night I took the wrong turn on the way home.
I should have taken the quicker.
He just screamed and screamed “How could you be so retarded,  your worthless, dumb cunt, I hate how you drive, you ruined every ones night....” It just kept going on and on until I started throwing up all over my self and my fresh washed car.
After I pulled over covered in my own puke he got out of the car yelled some more things at me and the walked home leaving me alone covered in my own puke on the side of the road.
Today I didn’t make the eggs dry enough for break fast, then I didn’t pick out the right clothes to wear, I had my heat up to high and he was hot, I hid in the bedroom to get away from the yelling then I was being lazy laying around and doing nothing.
I didn’t say the right thing at the store, my house wasn’t clean enough, I tried to be sexy and put on something hot I had bought to surprise him but he said he didn’t like it, I tried to tell him I was hurt and how I felt but he just said he didn’t want to hear me bitch and I was being annoying nagging him.
Eventually after more screaming at me he stormed out of the house and now here I am.
I am not even crying this time.
I feel numb.
I cant take it anymore.
I know I am better then this and I would be better alone then abused.
I need to get back to being my self.
So I am choosing now to lift my self up and considering my self as of now under construction.
I just cant go on like this anymore.

